"Magnificantly dueled. It's my complete loss."

"You're too humble. I may have won this time, but it was anyone's game."

Under the roaring applause of the audience we lock our hands in a handshake. 

Between us, there can be no hard feelings, only the excitement from our duel which has yet to fade.

"Today, a new dueling master is crowned." 

The boy hands me a golden deck box.

I turn to the crowd and hold it up, the excitement in the stadium soaring to new levels.

*UUUUOOOOOOOOOOOH!!!!*

But my joy is short lived, when a person covered in a cloak suddenly barges onto the stage and begins storming towards me while screaming at the top of their lungs.

"WHAT IN THE *HELL* ARE YOU DOING!?!"

Confused by the appearance of the cloaked figure, all I can think is that they must've got the wrong person.

"Have we met before...?"

"WHAT DO YOU *MEAN* 'Have we met before...?' OF COURSE WE'VE MET BEFORE!!!"

"WHAT HAPPENED TO THE INVESTIGATION!??"

"Oh."

Suddenly, something clicks into place. 

What had slipped my mind a few months ago now comes rushing back to me all at once.

"Hmm... Well, let's just say that during the investigation you gave me I found..."

"...A new calling, if you will."

"..."

"You..."

"YOU...!"

"YOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUU...!!!"

My client is shaking with anger, it seems they no longer have the presence of mind to speak.

My client's rage is understandable, there is no doubt that I abandonded a job I had promised to do. 

..Or so I thought, but thinking back on it, I never did promise anything, did I...? The client just left a note and then vanished on me...

For now, I decide to try to calm them down.

"Now, now, I understand you're upset. But what's done is done, let's try to keep our cool."

I shoot a glance at the boy who I just finished dueling, signaling him with my eyes.

Together, we lead my client to sit down at the dueling table. They despondently slump down into the chair. 

"..."

"I don't know what happened between you two, but some things are better resolved through clashing souls, not words." 

The boy hands my client a deck of playing cards.

"Just know that it will do no good to fight with hate in your heart."

"..."

"...Just..."

"...Do what you will..."

They seem dejected for now, but I'm sure they will come around to the joy of dueling, just like I did.

Spotlights shining brightly, a crowd as heated as can be, and an opponent to duel. What more could one ask for?

And so for the second time this day, I reach for the deck of cards...