I wake up, feeling the sun’s first rays on my face through the curtains of my office bedroom. 

The city is still asleep, yet to come to life. And so begins another day. 

Me? Hmpf, I’m nothing special, just a private investigator. 

Clientele has been scarce in recent times.

Not that I’m complaining, it just means nothing serious has happened as of late. 

For now, the city is at peace, though I wonder how long it will last.

Heh, this city has a way of warping people, twisting them with desire over the years. 

When times are rough it can be hard sticking to your principles. 

Though if you ask me, it’s during rough times where we need our principles the most.  

Having put on my clothes I walk over to the window behind my desk, gazing out over the city as it hazily begins to wake. 

Suddenly, I hear a knocking on my office door. “Come in”, I say. 

A person dressed in a cloak swiftly enters. 

Unable to even see the face of my guest I gesture for them to take a seat. 

Shady though they might look, I don’t judge. 

I’ve seen my fair share of people over the years, this is not enough to faze me.

“I have a job for you, investigator.” 
Getting straight to the point, my guest turned client hands me a piece of paper with writing on it.

-*Convergence, mass, void, causality, phantasmagoria. Find the one walking the line of reality, find the one for whom the winds of fate blow*.-

A Cryptic message if I’ve ever seen one. 

I look up again towards my client, only to find them gone without a trace, despite having only looked away for a moment. 

In their place, some money now lies on top of the chair. 

“300 dollasi, huh?” Roughly enough money for a meal or two. 

Heh. It seems my client has deep pockets. 

Though they left in a great hurry, I never said I’d take the job.

I could just take the money and call it a day.

Fortunately for my client, I’m a man of principle. 

Besides, the mysterious circumstances have left me more than just a bit intrigued.

Putting on my favorite hat I walk out through my office door and into the bustling streets of the city. 

Off to search for someone, or something.

“Guess I’ll start by visiting an old friend…”