#IntroSequenceTrenchcoat
I turn my head to look at the only other person in the bar, other than myself and my friend. 

For the first time since entering the bar, the man dressed in a large trenchcoat lifts his gaze away from his drink. 

"I couldn't help but overhear your little conversation, heh, sorry 'bout that, call it an occupational habit if you will." 

"But, well, what can I say? If its information you want, you're in luck, my friend."

"So, what say you?"

Although his presence was barely noticable just a moment ago, now, I can't help but be drawn in by his confident aura.

"Heh, interesting."

There is no doubt in my mind, this man is my kindred spririt, and no doubt just as capable.

Without hesitation I hand him the paper slip with the mysterious message. 

"..."

"......."

"............"

"..................."

"So, it ring any bells?"

"....H-huh?! Bells? Uh, yeah! Of course it does! I love bells!??"

"S-something like this? No problem, none at all. Yep. Easy peasy. Just a glance is all I need to glean all the information I need."

"A-ahahahahaha..."

It seems he already knows something even without the need to go out and investigate. Impressive.

"Well, that's how it is... But if you think I'm just gonna tell you for free then think again!! I don't give out my info to just anybody! H-hmpmf!"

Naturally, such skilled services does not come for free, as an investigator myself it's something I'm well aware of.

I'd be lying if I said I was swimming in cash, but even so, this lead could be crucial in solving this case.

I begin to reach for my wallet, but I'm suddenly cut off by the man beside me.

"A-aaaaaaaaaaaah!!! I just remembered, but I don't take direct payments for my services! How silly of me to forget to mention such a thing! Now then, you'll have to excuse me-!" 

Startled, I quickly ask him to elaborate

"H-huh? How do I get paid? Umh, well, you see, uuumh..."

"...Right!! I-I only take jobs from people who beat me at a game of cards!!"

"Of course, both my skill and luck are unmatched, so you'll probably just lose your money with nothing to show for it!"

"I mean, not that I'd have anything against some easy money, but if it's too easy you kind of lose motivation, you know?"

"So! That's how it is! It's understandable if you don't want to play against me! No, Really!"

"Just this once I'll even recommend you to another guy I know, so..."

"Heh, thanks for the offer, but I'm not one to turn down a challenge, I'll more than happily play against you."

"Nononono, wait, wait... Are you sure? Absolutely, positively, one hundred percent sure...?"

"No need to worry about me. I might be a little rusty, but I'll have you know I'm no sucker when it comes to cards."

"...H-hmpf! Ha- Hahahaha! W-well then! Just hope you don't regret it, yeah!?!"